Good morning guys. You might know I'm
living in Dubai and
you probably have heard that we are in
the mid of a war zone right now. There
are coming missiles and drones from Iran
and luckily the UAE is intercepting
almost all of those coming towards us. I
want to take you with me through my day
to show you around to see what's
actually going on. Let's get ready. So
today I will also be going to the vet to
get my vaccinations done for the cats
because I want to be prepared just in
case. We all hope that this does not
escalate obviously but nobody knows and
I think the worst right now is that
nobody knows. This uncertainty is so
difficult to deal with for me and
especially when these alerts on the
phone come. It's so loud and it puts me
into a fight or flight. I'm freezing and
I'm shaking like this and I cannot
control it. Of course, it feels super
uncomfortable to live like this because
these alarms can come at any time and
you should go inside immediately. You
hear these alarms but also for me I
don't even feel safe to go much outside.
I know nothing is going to happen but
still it feels uncomfortable to go
outside and to be honest I am in a
conflicted position right now because in
some way I'm thinking h should I leave
but on the other side I don't want to
leave because this is my home and it
feels like if I'm leaving right now it's
probably even more difficult to come
back and the other part is that I'm
having my cats and I do not want to
leave my cats here and then worst case
scenario Ario, I cannot take them with
me or I cannot see them again or I
cannot bring them to where I am and this
creates so much fear in me. I know these
are hypothetical scenarios but if I
don't think them through I'm going I'm
going crazy like this situation this
uncertainty is not for me. I like to
have some control in my life or feel
like I have some control and certainty
and right now I feel like I have none of
it. And the the next thing with my cats
is that I could take them with me
in cabin but also
I could bring them in cargo. Now the
thing with cargo is since two days
slowly they started to reopen the
airspace so people can leave and come in
if they wanted to. And now they also
started to accept pets in cargo again
which is great. But my cats are flat
nose breeds which means they can only
fly until April. From the first week of
April no airline will take my cats
anymore because of the danger of the
heat. We're already in March. April is
not far away and we don't know how long
this situation is going to take, if it's
calming down, when it's calming down.
It's just so much uncertainty and it's
so difficult to make a decision. I don't
know what to do to be honest. It's
stressing me out that I don't know what
to do. And it's stressing me out that I
cannot work proper. I cannot think
proper. I cannot sleep proper. I cannot
eat properly. When I think about food,
I'm getting nauseous. I cannot eat when
I'm stressed and under pressure. And now
I feel like I'm constantly under
pressure. I don't know what to do to be
honest. And I know many people feel the
same thing. We don't want to leave, but
we also don't want to stay in the war
zone pretty much. And the facts are
there are no bombs actually hitting
Dubai. There is nothing really happening
in Dubai. some things in Abu Dhabi and
Bahrain, but in Dubai, it's still pretty
safe. And we also don't believe that
Iran will attack directly Dubai. They
are trying to attack the US bases, the
economic spaces, to get attention, to
get the media to speak about them. I've
also heard that Iran has a lot of money
investments in Dubai. So, they won't
directly attack Dubai unless they don't
care about anyone or anything anymore.
And if that happens, then I think we're
all cooked and nobody wants that. But
obviously, nobody knows either. Of
course, other people have it even worse.
I'm not denying that. And I do not want
to say that only in Dubai things are
important, but I'm just sharing what I
experience, okay? And I have never ever
been confronted with any situation
similar. This is completely new to me.
And hearing things exploding on top of
my head or on top of my city, the city
where I'm living in is frightening.
Okay? And I genuinely do not know how
people
are living in this kind of state for
years. When I'm thinking about Ukraine,
when I'm thinking about Palestine, it
breaks my heart. But this does not take
away from my experience. And I know
people keep hating on me on the posts
I'm sharing on Instagram and other
influencers in Dubai that are sharing
what's going on and how we feel and that
we still kind of feel safe even though
there are missiles being intercepted and
drones exploding. But guys, why do you
hate on us? There is so much resentment
towards people in Dubai. And the most
funny thing I've heard is that we are
being paid to talk positively about
Dubai. No guys, okay? If we're not being
paid, that would be nice. We just share
what we experience. And the fact is that
the defense system of the UAE is
amazing. And the UAE is doing everything
possible to keep their people and the
city safe. They live off tourism and
people. If people do not trust anymore
in Dubai, Dubai is going nowhere. They
need to protect us and the city to be
and stay alive as a city. And that's why
everyone feels safe and we are being
informed about what's going on every
hour, every minute. If you think you
know something, believe me, we in Dubai,
we knew it already way before. We're
living here. We know what's happening
and what's true and what's not true.
It's also not helpful if you say just
leave. This is our home. Okay? We know
it's not ideal, but this is our home.
It's not so easy to just leave. And some
people they did just leave and they left
their pets alone either in their
apartments or on the street. They
abandoned them. And I think that's so
disgusting. Honestly, I don't know why
people are so egoistic and cruel. You
need to take care of the pet in good and
bad times. You cannot just throw it away
when things get difficult. This is the
current situation. Just hope everything
is going to stop soon. And I'm still
thinking about leaving for a bit,
probably without my cats, but I will not
leave them alone here, abandon them.
Someone will stay in my apartment with
the cats or I will give them to some pet
boarding. And if I cannot come back, I
will ship them with cargo
until April. And then we'll see where
I'm going to stay.
I'm ready to go outside. I'm going to
the mall now to get my hair mess
slippers. It's really cold today and
windy.
This is how everything looks. Police is
everywhere
and the sky.
Just to make it clear, we're not being
constantly bombarded.
Yeah. Here you can see the police.
I'm living right in downtown.
I'm in the center in the middle of
everything. As I said, it's not as bad
as it is being portrayed in the media in
Europe and the US and everywhere around
the world.
But of course, you feel the tension.
People are out and about. Cars are
driving, but you kind of feel the
tension,
I got to say. Anyways, going to get my
slippers back and hopefully a
replacement for my Kelly belt because it
just broke after a few weeks of having
it which is not good.
>> Yes.
>> What was with the belt? It was submitted
to Paris by any chance?
>> Yes.
>> But I mean I bought the belt new. I used
it two times. So it says it's
invalidated exit for 8 days which is
means it's out of the um facilities from
Paris. However, because of the situation
it will take I see that it's a new belt
and they were I believe changing for
you.
I just want to tell you that they
already started some take some we hope
it's not going to take that long. Uh the
repair was you for free as well but it
just will take few days to receive was
already sent 8 days ago. I want to leave
soon. It should be early to the store
>> because I want to leave.
>> I understand you. But we are waiting.
>> Not getting my belt.
>> But I'm getting my slippers.
I think it's crazy that they don't
replace my belt
and I have to wait for months after I
had it just over one month. They cannot
make an exemption.
This is crazy. I got my slippers. No
solution for my belt. And even if they
would close down at the store, I'm not
getting my belt, guys. I don't have time
to wait. I cannot leave Dubai without my
belt and without my cats.
I know I'm being so dramatic and it's so
unnecessary, but also
I think they should have replaced it for
me to be very honest.
My is so quiet.
Excursion Dubai Mall comes to an end.
I'm walking back now getting matcha
somewhere and I'm super hungry. I need
to get some food.
If there is one thing I don't like, it's
wind. Especially in Dubai. If you get
yourself ready, beautiful hair, makeup,
everything. And then there is this cold
wind that ruins your hair, your makeup.
The eyes are kind of tearing up all the
time. It's not great. Fun fact about me,
I do not like the wind and the cold. And
when the wind is cold, it's the worst
combination ever. I'm getting something
to eat. I never been here, but they
actually have good stuff. And I'm so
hungry. I couldn't eat the past few days
because of the stress and the whole
uncertainty. Under stress, I cannot eat.
But now I feel a bit more calm and I
need some food now. I'm waiting for them
to warm it up, but it takes so long.
I cannot wait.
Yum, yum, yum.
We are going to the vet.
Hello.
Why you're scared?
Guys, I'm in my favorite cafe now
drinking my matcha at the vet. It was
great. I didn't have to vaccinate them.
Thank God. I did that already last year.
They just needed to get some deworming
and antiparasite just in case it is
done. I'm feeling very tired because we
had again an alarm this one. I think
there was nothing
falling into the country even though
there are going rumors around. Thank
you. And there are some videos
circulating that there was a drone
flying into the airport but that's not
true guys. It happened in the very
beginning in the first 2 days. It didn't
happen today. I know there were some
disruptions. some debris was falling in
the area of the airport but not into the
airport. And I have also seen that one
of the ministers in Iran said that they
are apologizing for attacking the
neighboring countries and they won't do
that. Let's see if that's true because
men they keep talking so much and I have
a feeling that this is just unnecessary
waste of words as all men do. They talk
a lot and the actions do not align with
what they say, but let's hope for the
best. Let's pray that everything calms
down for a bit. I'm going to eat now
some fries
with my matcha
and some work.
I completely forgot that I have a nail
appointment. I'm rushing now to the
salon getting my nails done.
I arrived to the appointment way too
early because I tricked myself with
adding the appointments 1 hour earlier
to my calendar than what they actually
are because I used to always be late for
everything now. I arrived at 5:15, but
the appointment is at 6:00.
>> I should remove this before the
environment. No, don't worry.
I just came back home. I was going for a
little walk with my friend and now I'm
just so tired. I might will do some
stretches because I feel like this
tension and stress always manifests in
my body here. I will do that quickly and
then I will go to sleep. All in all,
Dubai at the moment is safe. We have not
heard any booms, no interceptions seen
or heard minimum around downtown. I'm
not going anywhere these days and we
will see how everything will unfold.
Let's pray that everything is going to
be better than it is now.
I think it's also teaching us each one
of us a lot the same way as co was
teaching us a lot. I was talking to my
friend and she was saying you know what
people are leaving around me and for the
first time in my life I am really
feeling alone and this is a weird
feeling. It's not that I'm afraid of the
war. she said it's that I'm just not
used to that feeling of being completely
by myself and having to fend for myself.
But that's so true. So many of our fears
or the ways how we react to situations
is out of our emotions. And many times
it's because we're not used to certain
circumstances. We're not used to deal
with situations and circumstances in a
certain way. When there is a new
situation, of course, it's going to be
uncomfortable at first, but it's
teaching us a lot. I think we will come
out of this stronger and more united in
all ways. United throughout the people
that are living in the UAE. People all
over the world will hopefully be more
united after this or not. I can't speak
for the world. Let's just stick to where
I am. That's it. I feel sorry for my
family in Austria. I think they are more
worried than I am because of course the
situation is not as bad as it seems to
be on the media. For me personally, it
teaches me to regulate my nervous system
more. And
I also learned that the way how I react
with these intense situations, for
example, the alarm, the alert goes off
on my phone, my body starts to shake.
I've learned that's a fight orflight
response. My body literally wants to
shake off the fear, the adrenaline, and
it's nothing that I have to be worried
about. It's a very natural response. And
I had this same reaction in my past with
my exartner when we had difficult times.
He was leaving me. I felt so abandoned.
And every time I feel like I am not in
control and there is a lot of
uncertainty of what's going to happen in
my future, I am in this fight or flight
and that's how my reaction is. And I was
thinking the only way how I can overcome
this reaction is by
removing the situation or reversing what
has happened. In that case, when I was
younger with my exartner, I was thinking
I can only feel grounded and safe again
when I am back with him, which is not
the case. The way how the body reacts to
circumstances that are feeling like a
threat does not mean there is a threat
and it does not mean that the situation
has to be different. It just means we
have to learn to regulate ourself in
that situation. And what helps me is to
put on very warm clothes that's shaking.
It's actually because I'm feeling so
cold from the inside out. And the only
thing that really helps me is to stay
warm and hold myself. Another thing that
helps me to stay grounded with this
situation is taking care of myself,
getting ready every day, trying to sleep
on schedule, which is the most difficult
for me. It's again 3 a.m. in the morning
because I can't sleep at night. Night is
another trigger for me. In the daytime,
I feel so safe and nothing really can
shake me that much. But when things are
happening at night or when I'm having a
lot of thoughts at night, I cannot
sleep. But I do try to find back to my
schedule to my sleeping routine because
sleep is so important. And another thing
that helps me is to do my daily
stretches and moving my body. I haven't
been to the gym and I think that's one
thing that would change my whole
perspective, how I perceive everything
and how I deal with it. The gym
ultimately makes us more resilient.
Especially when we do these high
intensive workouts, when we push to our
own limits, we feel more in control and
it pushes us out of our comfort zone,
which makes us again be more resilient
in stress situations. Anyways guys,
thank you so much for watching. I hope
you have a more clear insight of what's
going on in Dubai and how my life looks
at the moment. I am so grateful for you
and I see you in my next video.